[MUSIC]
>> Kevin Whinnery: So now we're going to
be moving on to our third exercise of
the day, which is enhancing our data
model to use some additional properties.
So, if we head out to GitHub,
>> Kevin Whinnery: You'll
notice that there are two
issues remaining.
Both are tagged with exercise three.
And both will get you into a little bit
meatier parts of the of this application.
The first is, and it could be that you'll
be able to knock these out both at once,
because maybe you'll want to
write a test which exercises your
new functionality that you're adding.
But the first issue that I have is
that right now is that there's no
way to track the status of a Todo
model once you mark it as complete.
So, many of you were astute enough to
note,
>> Kevin Whinnery: That when we actually
run our application here
in development mode.
>> Kevin Whinnery: When you mark
a todo item as complete, and
refresh the page it doesn't
actually do anything.
Now the way the user interface part of
this will actually get to get to tomorrow.
That will be a sort of our entree into
learning a little bit about how VGS works.
However, the backend part of this
is something that I'd like to for
us to address today.
So, what I would like for
folks to do is to take a D model for
the todo, and add a Boolean flag for
whether or not it's been completed.
And in addition to adding that flag,
we also need to modify our API in Express.
Implement it with Express to accept
a completed field, along with
the current title field, which is the only
one that's persistent at the moment.
And again I wouldn't spend too much time,
I wouldn't spend any time
because we'll do that tomorrow.
I'm trying to update the user interface.
I would just look to test
these URL's directly.
And if you're into doing that, the go to,
for me, I mean, if you're like Curl,
that's great, but if you're using
Chrome there is an app called Post Man.
And Postman I feel is kind of
the bee's knees if you're testing
a rest API, because it gives you
a nice GUI that lets you construct
HTTP requests with different HTTP
methods against your backend.
So here and it sort of saves your history
as well which is also kind of nice.
So here we can do a GET request
against /TODOs and hit Send,
and then we can see the JSON
that comes back from the server.
We can do a POST request to todos, and
then along with that,
pass in some form encoded.
And they do need to be form encoded, by
the way if you do decide to use this tool,
cuz that's the way that
we're parsing the body.
If we pass in some values like,
hey there front end masters, and
hit Send, we can create a todo that way.
We get that representation back,
and if we list them out again
we can see that the front end
masters record is in the database.
So after you add that property using
something like Postman to test the API,
would be it would be useful.
In addition to that,
the second issue that I would like for
folks to take a look at during this time,
Dovetail's kind of nicely into that, which
is adding some integration tests which
we don't have yet in the application.
We have like one kind of crappy unit
test for our back end right now.
Test coverage in this
application is not great yet.
So we could definitely do more unit
tests as we add more functionality
to the application, but if our test
pyramid should be fat at the bottom
with unit tests, and kind of skinnier
in the middle with integration tests,
that's the part of the pyramid that
we're gonna be implementing next.
And then, of course, at the top of the
pyramid you have some end to end tests,
which we will talk about later.
But we're at this point looking to add
to the middle of that test pyramid.
I'm adding an integration test
where we're testing that,
controller logic is working with model
logic in the way that we expect.
So I would like for
us to write an integration test
that covers our controller logic.
So write at least one test, the challenge
here is to write at least one test for
the todos controller that exercises
one of the crud operations.
Now to do that, you're gonna have to mock
an express request and response object,
and provide some values
that can be used to satisfy
the requirements of the of the controller
logic that we have in that file.
So that'll be part of the challenge there.
So we'll probably for this, since this is
a meatier task, we'll take for sure 30
minutes, we'll probably say 40 minutes,
to tackle this because this will
be the first time that you've
engage with these technologies.
And if you have any questions
on the testing front,
you can just create if you'd like, create
a new file in the test directory here.
And if you run an NPN in test
any test logic that you run
will be picked up and executed.
So if you'd like to take a crack at that
first before modifying the model at all,
you can certainly do that.
Or if you'd like to modify
the model first and
update the API with this new property
you can take a crack at that first.
But I think would be a good opportunity
to try to take a crack at both of
these tasks.
So adding one integration test for
the controller and
then also adding the addition to the todo
model that we've been talking about.